---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.12.02
---

# SP_800_171_03.12.02 - \[Security Assessment and Monitoring\] Plan of Action and Milestones

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.12.02.a\] Develop a plan of action and milestones for the system:

  - \[SR-03.12.02.a.01\] To document the planned remediation actions to correct weaknesses or deficiencies noted during security assessments and
  - \[SR-03.12.02.a.02\] To reduce or eliminate known system vulnerabilities.

- \[SR-03.12.02.b\] Update the existing plan of action and milestones based on the findings from:

  - \[SR-03.12.02.b.01\] Security assessments,
  - \[SR-03.12.02.b.02\] Audits or reviews, and
  - \[SR-03.12.02.b.03\] Continuous monitoring activities.

## Control Assessment Objective

a plan of action and milestones for the system is developed to document the planned remediation actions for correcting weaknesses or deficiencies noted during security assessments.
a plan of action and milestones for the system is developed to reduce or eliminate known system vulnerabilities.
the existing plan of action and milestones is updated based on the findings from security assessments.
the existing plan of action and milestones is updated based on the findings from continuous monitoring activities.
the existing plan of action and milestones is updated based on the findings from audits or reviews.

## Control guidance

Plans of action and milestones (POAMs) are important documents in organizational security programs. Organizations use POAMs to describe how unsatisfied security requirements will be met and how planned mitigations will be implemented. Organizations can document system security plans and POAMs as separate or combined documents in any format. Federal agencies may consider system security plans and POAMs as inputs to risk-based decisions on whether to process, store, or transmit CUI on a system hosted by a nonfederal organization.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.12.02 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
