---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.12.05.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.12.05.ODP.02:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.12.05
---

# SP_800_171_03.12.05 - \[Security Assessment and Monitoring\] Information Exchange

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.12.05.a\] Approve and manage the exchange of CUI between the system and other systems using [Selection (one or more): interconnection security agreements; information exchange security agreements; memoranda of understanding or agreement; service-level agreements; user agreements; non-disclosure agreements; other types of agreements].

- \[SR-03.12.05.b\] Document interface characteristics, security requirements, and responsibilities for each system as part of the exchange agreements.

- \[SR-03.12.05.c\] Review and update the exchange agreements [frequency].

## Control Assessment Objective

the exchange of CUI between the system and other systems is approved using [Selection (one or more): interconnection security agreements; information exchange security agreements; memoranda of understanding or agreement; service-level agreements; user agreements; non-disclosure agreements; other types of agreements].
the exchange of CUI between the system and other systems is managed using [Selection (one or more): interconnection security agreements; information exchange security agreements; memoranda of understanding or agreement; service-level agreements; user agreements; non-disclosure agreements; other types of agreements].
interface characteristics for each system are documented as part of the exchange agreements.
security requirements for each system are documented as part of the exchange agreements.
responsibilities for each system are documented as part of the exchange agreements.
exchange agreements are reviewed [frequency] .
exchange agreements are updated [frequency] .

## Control guidance

Information exchange applies to information exchanges between two or more systems, both internal and external to the organization. Organizations consider the risks related to new or increased threats that may be introduced when systems exchange information with other systems that may have different security requirements or policies. The types of agreements selected are based on factors such as the relationship between the organizations exchanging information (e.g., government to government, business to business, government to business, government or business, or government or business to individual) and the level of access to the organizational system by users of the other system. The types of agreements can include information exchange security agreements, interconnection security agreements, memoranda of understanding or agreement, service-level agreements, or other types of agreements. Organizations may incorporate agreement information into formal contracts, especially for information exchanges established between federal agencies and nonfederal organizations (e.g., service providers, contractors, system developers, and system integrators). The types of information contained in exchange agreements include the interface characteristics, security requirements, controls, and responsibilities for each system.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.12.05 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
