---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.06.05
---

# SP_800_171_03.06.05 - \[Incident Response\] Incident Response Plan

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.06.05.a\] Develop an incident response plan that:

  - \[SR-03.06.05.a.01\] Provides the organization with a roadmap for implementing its incident response capability,
  - \[SR-03.06.05.a.02\] Describes the structure and organization of the incident response capability,
  - \[SR-03.06.05.a.03\] Provides a high-level approach for how the incident response capability fits into the overall organization,
  - \[SR-03.06.05.a.04\] Defines reportable incidents,
  - \[SR-03.06.05.a.05\] Addresses the sharing of incident information, and
  - \[SR-03.06.05.a.06\] Designates responsibilities to organizational entities, personnel, or roles.

- \[SR-03.06.05.b\] Distribute copies of the incident response plan to designated incident response personnel (identified by name and/or by role) and organizational elements.

- \[SR-03.06.05.c\] Update the incident response plan to address system and organizational changes or problems encountered during plan implementation, execution, or testing.

- \[SR-03.06.05.d\] Protect the incident response plan from unauthorized disclosure.

## Control Assessment Objective

an incident response plan is developed that provides the organization with a roadmap for implementing its incident response capability.
an incident response plan is developed that describes the structure and organization of the incident response capability.
an incident response plan is developed that provides a high-level approach for how the incident response capability fits into the overall organization.
an incident response plan is developed that defines reportable incidents.
an incident response plan is developed that addresses the sharing of incident information.
an incident response plan is developed that designates responsibilities to organizational entities, personnel, or roles.
copies of the incident response plan are distributed to designated incident response personnel (identified by name or by role).
copies of the incident response plan are distributed to organizational elements.
the incident response plan is protected from unauthorized disclosure.
the incident response plan is updated to address system and organizational changes or problems encountered during plan implementation, execution, or testing.

## Control guidance

It is important that organizations develop and implement a coordinated approach to incident response. Organizational mission and business functions determine the structure of incident response capabilities. As part of the incident response capabilities, organizations consider the coordination and sharing of information with external organizations, including external service providers and other organizations involved in the supply chain.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.06.05 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
