---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.06.02.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.06.02.ODP.02:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.06.02
---

# SP_800_171_03.06.02 - \[Incident Response\] Incident Monitoring, Reporting, and Response Assistance

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.06.02.a\] Track and document system security incidents.

- \[SR-03.06.02.b\] Report suspected incidents to the organizational incident response capability within [time period].

- \[SR-03.06.02.c\] Report incident information to [authorities].

- \[SR-03.06.02.d\] Provide an incident response support resource that offers advice and assistance to system users on handling and reporting incidents.

## Control Assessment Objective

system security incidents are tracked.
system security incidents are documented.
suspected incidents are reported to the organizational incident response capability within [time period].
incident information is reported to [authorities].
an incident response support resource that offers advice and assistance to system users on handling and reporting incidents is provided.

## Control guidance

Documenting incidents includes maintaining records about each incident, the status of the incident, and other pertinent information necessary for forensics as well as evaluating incident details, trends, and handling. Incident information can be obtained from many sources, including network monitoring, incident reports, incident response teams, user complaints, supply chain partners, audit monitoring, physical access monitoring, and user and administrator reports. [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.06.01)03.06.01 provides information on the types of incidents that are appropriate for monitoring. The types of incidents reported, the content and timeliness of the reports, and the reporting authorities reflect applicable laws, Executive Orders, directives, regulations, policies, standards, and guidelines. Incident information informs risk assessments, the effectiveness of security assessments, the security requirements for acquisitions, and the selection criteria for technology products. Incident response support resources provided by organizations include help desks, assistance groups, automated ticketing systems to open and track incident response tickets, and access to forensic services or consumer redress services, when required.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.06.02 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
