---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.09.02.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.09.02
---

# SP_800_171_03.09.02 - \[Personnel Security\] Personnel Termination and Transfer

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.09.02.a\] When individual employment is terminated:

  - \[SR-03.09.02.a.01\] Disable system access within [time period],
  - \[SR-03.09.02.a.02\] Terminate or revoke authenticators and credentials associated with the individual, and
  - \[SR-03.09.02.a.03\] Retrieve security-related system property.

- \[SR-03.09.02.b\] When individuals are reassigned or transferred to other positions in the organization:

  - \[SR-03.09.02.b.01\] Review and confirm the ongoing operational need for current logical and physical access authorizations to the system and facility, and
  - \[SR-03.09.02.b.02\] Modify access authorization to correspond with any changes in operational need.

## Control Assessment Objective

upon termination of individual employment, system access is disabled within [time period].
upon termination of individual employment, authenticators associated with the individual are terminated or revoked.
upon termination of individual employment, credentials associated with the individual are terminated or revoked.
upon termination of individual employment, security-related system property is retrieved.
upon individual reassignment or transfer to other positions in the organization, access authorization is modified to correspond with any changes in operational need.
upon individual reassignment or transfer to other positions in the organization, the ongoing operational need for current logical and physical access authorizations to the system and facility is reviewed.
upon individual reassignment or transfer to other positions in the organization, the ongoing operational need for current logical and physical access authorizations to the system and facility is confirmed.

## Control guidance

Security-related system property includes hardware authentication tokens, system administration technical manuals, keys, identification cards, and building passes. Exit interviews ensure that terminated individuals understand the security constraints imposed by being former employees and that accountability is achieved for the organizational property. Security topics at exit interviews include reminding individuals of potential limitations on future employment and non-disclosure agreements. Exit interviews may not always be possible for some individuals, including in cases related to the unavailability of supervisors, illnesses, or job abandonment. The timely execution of termination actions is essential for individuals who have been terminated for cause. Organizations may consider disabling the accounts of individuals who are being terminated prior to the individuals being notified. This requirement applies to the reassignment or transfer of individuals when the personnel action is permanent or of such extended duration as to require protection. Protections that may be required for transfers or reassignments to other positions within organizations include returning old and issuing new identification cards, keys, and building passes; changing system access authorizations (i.e., privileges); closing system accounts and establishing new accounts; and providing access to official records to which individuals had access at previous work locations in previous system accounts.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.09.02 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
