---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.17.03.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.17.03
---

# SP_800_171_03.17.03 - \[Supply Chain Risk Management\] Supply Chain Requirements and Processes

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.17.03.a\] Establish a process for identifying and addressing weaknesses or deficiencies in the supply chain elements and processes.

- \[SR-03.17.03.b\] Enforce the following security requirements to protect against supply chain risks to the system, system components, or system services and to limit the harm or consequences from supply chain-related events: [security requirements].

## Control Assessment Objective

a process for identifying weaknesses or deficiencies in the supply chain elements and processes is established.
a process for addressing weaknesses or deficiencies in the supply chain elements and processes is established.
the following security requirements are enforced to protect against supply chain risks to the system, system components, or system services and to limit the harm or consequences of supply chain-related events: [security requirements].

## Control guidance

Supply chain elements include organizations, entities, or tools that are employed for the research, development, design, manufacturing, acquisition, delivery, integration, operations, maintenance, and disposal of systems and system components. Supply chain processes include hardware, software, firmware, and systems development processes; shipping and handling procedures; physical security programs; personnel security programs; configuration management tools, techniques, and measures to maintain provenance; or other programs, processes, or procedures associated with the development, acquisition, maintenance, and disposal of systems and system components. Supply chain elements and processes are provided by organizations, system integrators, or external service providers. Weaknesses or deficiencies in supply chain elements or processes represent potential vulnerabilities that can be exploited by adversaries to harm the organization and affect its ability to carry out its core missions or business functions.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.17.03 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
