---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.17.02
---

# SP_800_171_03.17.02 - \[Supply Chain Risk Management\] Acquisition Strategies, Tools, and Methods

## Control Statement

## Control Assessment Objective

acquisition strategies, contract tools, and procurement methods are developed to identify supply chain risks.
acquisition strategies, contract tools, and procurement methods are developed to protect against supply chain risks.
acquisition strategies, contract tools, and procurement methods are developed to mitigate supply chain risks.
acquisition strategies, contract tools, and procurement methods are implemented to identify supply chain risks.
acquisition strategies, contract tools, and procurement methods are implemented to protect against supply chain risks.
acquisition strategies, contract tools, and procurement methods are implemented to mitigate supply chain risks.

## Control guidance

The acquisition process provides an important vehicle for protecting the supply chain. There are many useful tools and techniques available, including obscuring the end use of a system or system component, using blind purchases, requiring tamperevident packaging, or using trusted or controlled distribution. The results from a supply chain risk assessment can inform the strategies, tools, and methods that are most applicable to the situation. Tools and techniques may provide protections against unauthorized production, theft, tampering, the insertion of counterfeits, the insertion of malicious software or backdoors, and poor development practices throughout the system life cycle. Organizations also consider providing incentives for suppliers to implement safeguards, promote transparency in their processes and security practices, provide contract language that addresses the prohibition of tainted or counterfeit components, and restrict purchases from untrustworthy suppliers. Organizations consider providing training, education, and awareness programs for personnel regarding supply chain risks, available mitigation strategies, and when the programs should be employed. Methods for reviewing and protecting development plans, documentation, and evidence are commensurate with the security requirements of the organization. Contracts may specify documentation protection requirements.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.17.02 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
