---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.17.01.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.17.01
---

# SP_800_171_03.17.01 - \[Supply Chain Risk Management\] Supply Chain Risk Management Plan

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.17.01.a\] Develop a plan for managing supply chain risks associated with the research and development, design, manufacturing, acquisition, delivery, integration, operations, maintenance, and disposal of the system, system components, or system services.

- \[SR-03.17.01.b\] Review and update the supply chain risk management plan [frequency].

- \[SR-03.17.01.c\] Protect the supply chain risk management plan from unauthorized disclosure.

## Control Assessment Objective

a plan for managing supply chain risks is developed.
the SCRM plan addresses risks associated with the research and development of the system, system components, or system services.
the SCRM plan addresses risks associated with the design of the system, system components, or system services.
the SCRM plan addresses risks associated with the manufacturing of the system, system components, or system services.
the SCRM plan addresses risks associated with the acquisition of the system, system components, or system services.
the SCRM plan addresses risks associated with the delivery of the system, system components, or system services.
the SCRM plan addresses risks associated with the integration of the system, system components, or system services.
the SCRM plan addresses risks associated with the operation of the system, system components, or system services.
the SCRM plan addresses risks associated with the maintenance of the system, system components, or system services.
the SCRM plan addresses risks associated with the disposal of the system, system components, or system services.
the SCRM plan is reviewed [frequency].
the SCRM plan is updated [frequency].
the SCRM plan is protected from unauthorized disclosure.

## Control guidance

Dependence on the products, systems, and services of external providers and the nature of the relationships with those providers present an increasing level of risk to an organization. Threat actions that may increase security risks include unauthorized production, the insertion or use of counterfeits, tampering, poor manufacturing and development practices in the supply chain, theft, and the insertion of malicious software, firmware, and hardware. Supply chain risks can be endemic or systemic within a system, component, or service. Managing supply chain risks is a complex, multifaceted undertaking that requires a coordinated effort across an organization to build trust relationships and communicate with internal and external stakeholders. Supply chain risk management (SCRM) activities include identifying and assessing risks, determining appropriate risk response actions, developing SCRM plans to document response actions, and monitoring performance against the plans. The system-level SCRM plan is implementation-specific and provides constraints, policy implementation, requirements, and implications. It can either be stand-alone or incorporated into system security plans. The SCRM plan addresses the management, implementation, and monitoring of SCRM requirements and the development or sustainment of systems across the system development life cycle to support mission and business functions. Because supply chains can differ significantly across and within organizations, SCRM plans are tailored to individual program, organizational, and operational contexts.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.17.01 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
