---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.02.02.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.02.02.ODP.02:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.02.02.ODP.03:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.02.02.ODP.04:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.02.02
---

# SP_800_171_03.02.02 - \[Awareness and Training\] Role-Based Training

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.02.02.a\] Provide role-based security training to organizational personnel:

  - \[SR-03.02.02.a.01\] Before authorizing access to the system or CUI, before performing assigned duties, and [frequency] thereafter
  - \[SR-03.02.02.a.02\] When required by system changes or following [events].

- \[SR-03.02.02.b\] Update role-based training content [frequency] and following [events].

## Control Assessment Objective

role-based security training is provided to organizational personnel before authorizing access to the system or CUI.
role-based security training is provided to organizational personnel before performing assigned duties.
role-based security training is provided to organizational personnel [frequency] after initial training.
role-based security training is provided to organizational personnel when required by system changes or following [events].
role-based security training content is updated [frequency].
role-based security training content is updated following [events].

## Control guidance

Organizations determine the content and frequency of security training based on the assigned duties, roles, and responsibilities of individuals and the security requirements of the systems to which personnel have authorized access. In addition, organizations provide system developers, enterprise architects, security architects, software developers, systems integrators, acquisition/procurement officials, system and network administrators, personnel conducting configuration management and auditing activities, personnel performing independent verification and validation, security assessors, and personnel with access to system-level software with security-related technical training specifically tailored for their assigned duties. Comprehensive role-based training addresses management, operational, and technical roles and responsibilities that cover physical, personnel, and technical controls. Such training can include policies, procedures, tools, and artifacts for the security roles defined. Organizations also provide the training necessary for individuals to carry out their responsibilities related to operations and supply chain security within the context of organizational information security programs.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.02.02 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
