---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.02.01.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.02.01.ODP.02:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.02.01.ODP.03:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.02.01.ODP.04:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.02.01
---

# SP_800_171_03.02.01 - \[Awareness and Training\] Literacy Training and Awareness

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.02.01.a\] Provide security literacy training to system users:

  - \[SR-03.02.01.a.01\] As part of initial training for new users and [frequency] thereafter,
  - \[SR-03.02.01.a.02\] When required by system changes or following [events], and
  - \[SR-03.02.01.a.03\] On recognizing and reporting indicators of insider threat, social engineering, and social mining.

- \[SR-03.02.01.b\] Update security literacy training content [frequency] and following [events].

## Control Assessment Objective

security literacy training is provided to system users as part of initial training for new users.
security literacy training is provided to system users [frequency] after initial training.
security literacy training is provided to system users when required by system changes or following [events].
security literacy training is provided to system users on recognizing indicators of insider threat.
security literacy training is provided to system users on reporting indicators of insider threat.
security literacy training is provided to system users on recognizing indicators of social engineering.
security literacy training is provided to system users on reporting indicators of social engineering.
security literacy training is provided to system users on recognizing indicators of social mining.
security literacy training is provided to system users on reporting indicators of social mining.
security literacy training content is updated [frequency].
security literacy training content is updated following [events].

## Control guidance

Organizations provide basic and advanced levels of security literacy training to system users (including managers, senior executives, system administrators, and contractors) and measures to test the knowledge level of users. Organizations determine the content of literacy training based on specific organizational requirements, the systems to which personnel have authorized access, and work environments (e.g., telework). The content includes an understanding of the need for security and the actions required of users to maintain security and respond to incidents. The content also addresses the need for operations security and the handling of CUI. Security awareness techniques include displaying posters, offering supplies inscribed with security reminders, generating email advisories or notices from organizational officials, displaying logon screen messages, and conducting awareness events using podcasts, videos, and webinars. Security literacy training is conducted at a frequency consistent with applicable laws, directives, regulations, and policies. Updating literacy training content on a regular basis ensures that the content remains relevant. Events that may precipitate an update to literacy training content include assessment or audit findings, security incidents or breaches, or changes in applicable laws, Executive Orders, directives, regulations, policies, standards, and guidelines. Potential indicators and possible precursors of insider threats include behaviors such as inordinate, long-term job dissatisfaction; attempts to gain access to information that is not required for job performance; unexplained access to financial resources; sexual harassment or bullying of fellow employees; workplace violence; and other serious violations of the policies, procedures, rules, directives, or practices of organizations. Organizations may consider tailoring insider threat awareness topics to roles (e.g., training for managers may be focused on specific changes in the behavior of team members, while training for employees may be focused on more general observations). Social engineering is an attempt to deceive an individual into revealing information or taking an action that can be used to breach, compromise, or otherwise adversely impact a system. Social engineering includes phishing, pretexting, impersonation, baiting, quid pro quo, threadjacking, social media exploitation, and tailgating. Social mining is an attempt to gather information about the organization that may be used to support future attacks. Security literacy training includes how to communicate employee and management concerns regarding potential indicators of insider threat and potential and actual instances of social engineering and data mining through appropriate organizational channels in accordance with established policies and procedures.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.02.01 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
