---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.15.02.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.15.02
---

# SP_800_171_03.15.02 - \[Planning\] System Security Plan

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.15.02.a\] Develop a system security plan that:

  - \[SR-03.15.02.a.01\] Defines the constituent system components;
  - \[SR-03.15.02.a.02\] Identifies the information types processed, stored, and transmitted by the system;
  - \[SR-03.15.02.a.03\] Describes specific threats to the system that are of concern to the organization;
  - \[SR-03.15.02.a.04\] Describes the operational environment for the system and any dependencies on or connections to other systems or system components;
  - \[SR-03.15.02.a.05\] Provides an overview of the security requirements for the system;
  - \[SR-03.15.02.a.06\] Describes the safeguards in place or planned for meeting the security requirements;
  - \[SR-03.15.02.a.07\] Identifies individuals that fulfill system roles and responsibilities; and
  - \[SR-03.15.02.a.08\] Includes other relevant information necessary for the protection of CUI.

- \[SR-03.15.02.b\] Review and update the system security plan [frequency].

- \[SR-03.15.02.c\] Protect the system security plan from unauthorized disclosure.

## Control Assessment Objective

a system security plan that defines the constituent system components is developed.
a system security plan that identifies the information types processed, stored, and transmitted by the system is developed.
a system security plan that describes specific threats to the system that are of concern to the organization is developed.
a system security plan that describes the operational environment for the system and any dependencies on or connections to other systems or system components is developed.
a system security plan that provides an overview of the security requirements for the system is developed.
a system security plan that describes the safeguards in place or planned for meeting the security requirements is developed.
a system security plan that identifies individuals that fulfill system roles and responsibilities is developed.
a system security plan that includes other relevant information necessary for the protection of CUI is developed.
the system security plan is reviewed [frequency].
the system security plan is updated [frequency].
the system security plan is protected from unauthorized disclosure.

## Control guidance

System security plans provide key characteristics of the system that is processing, storing, and transmitting CUI and how the system and information are protected. System security plans contain sufficient information to enable a design and implementation that are unambiguously compliant with the intent of the plans and the subsequent determinations of risk if the plan is implemented as intended. System security plans can be a collection of documents, including documents that already exist. Effective system security plans reference policies, procedures, and documents (e.g., design specifications) that provide additional detailed information. This reduces the documentation requirements associated with security programs and maintains security information in other established management or operational areas related to enterprise architecture, the system development life cycle, systems engineering, and acquisition.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.15.02 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
