---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.16.03.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.16.03
---

# SP_800_171_03.16.03 - \[System and Services Acquisition\] External System Services

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.16.03.a\] Require the providers of external system services used for the processing, storage, or transmission of CUI to comply with the following security requirements: [security requirements].

- \[SR-03.16.03.b\] Define and document user roles and responsibilities with regard to external system services, including shared responsibilities with external service providers.

- \[SR-03.16.03.c\] Implement processes, methods, and techniques to monitor security requirement compliance by external service providers on an ongoing basis.

## Control Assessment Objective

the providers of external system services used for the processing, storage, or transmission of CUI comply with the following security requirements: [security requirements].
processes, methods, and techniques to monitor security requirement compliance by external service providers on an ongoing basis are implemented.
user roles and responsibilities with regard to external system services, including shared responsibilities with external service providers, are defined and documented.

## Control guidance

External system services are provided by external service providers. Organizations establish relationships with external service providers in a variety of ways, including through business partnerships, contracts, interagency agreements, lines of business arrangements, licensing agreements, joint ventures, and supply chain exchanges. The responsibility for managing risks from the use of external system services remains with the organization charged with protecting CUI. Service-level agreements define expectations of performance, describe measurable outcomes, and identify remedies, mitigations, and response requirements for instances of noncompliance. Information from external service providers regarding the specific functions, ports, protocols, and services used in the provision of such services can be useful when there is a need to understand the trade-offs involved in restricting certain functions and services or blocking certain ports and protocols. This requirement is related to [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.01.20) 03.01.20.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.16.03 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
