---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.16.02
---

# SP_800_171_03.16.02 - \[System and Services Acquisition\] Unsupported System Components

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.16.02.a\] Replace system components when support for the components is no longer available from the developer, vendor, or manufacturer.

- \[SR-03.16.02.b\] Provide options for risk mitigation or alternative sources for continued support for unsupported components that cannot be replaced.

## Control Assessment Objective

options for risk mitigation or alternative sources for continued support for unsupported components that cannot be replaced are provided.
system components are replaced when support for the components is no longer available from the developer, vendor, or manufacturer.

## Control guidance

Support for system components includes software patches, firmware updates, replacement parts, and maintenance contracts. An example of unsupported components includes when vendors no longer provide critical software patches or product updates, which can result in opportunities for adversaries to exploit weaknesses or deficiencies in the installed components. Exceptions to replacing unsupported system components include systems that provide critical mission or business capabilities when newer technologies are unavailable or when the systems are so isolated that installing replacement components is not an option. Alternative sources of support address the need to provide continued support for system components that are no longer supported by the original manufacturers, developers, or vendors when such components remain essential to organizational missions and business functions. If necessary, organizations can establish in-house support by developing customized patches for critical software components or obtain the services of external service providers who provide ongoing support for unsupported components through contractual relationships. Such contractual relationships can include open-source software value-added vendors. The increased risk of using unsupported system components can be mitigated by prohibiting the connection of such components to public or uncontrolled networks or implementing other forms of isolation.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.16.02 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
