---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.07.06
---

# SP_800_171_03.07.06 - \[Maintenance\] Maintenance Personnel

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.07.06.a\] Establish a process for maintenance personnel authorization.

- \[SR-03.07.06.b\] Maintain a list of authorized maintenance organizations or personnel.

- \[SR-03.07.06.c\] Verify that non-escorted personnel who perform maintenance on the system possess the required access authorizations.

- \[SR-03.07.06.d\] Designate organizational personnel with required access authorizations and technical competence to supervise the maintenance activities of personnel who do not possess the required access authorizations.

## Control Assessment Objective

a process for maintenance personnel authorization is established.
a list of authorized maintenance organizations or personnel is maintained.
organizational personnel with required access authorizations are designated to supervise the maintenance activities of personnel who do not possess the required access authorizations.
organizational personnel with required technical competence are designated to supervise the maintenance activities of personnel who do not possess the required access authorizations.
non-escorted personnel who perform maintenance on the system possess the required access authorizations.

## Control guidance

Maintenance personnel refers to individuals who perform hardware or software maintenance on the system, while [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.10.01)03.10.01 addresses physical access for individuals whose maintenance duties place them within the physical protection perimeter of the system. The technical competence of supervising individuals relates to the maintenance performed on the system, while having required access authorizations refers to maintenance on and near the system. Individuals who have not been previously identified as authorized maintenance personnel (e.g., manufacturers, consultants, systems integrators, and vendors) may require privileged access to the system, such as when they are required to conduct maintenance with little or no notice. Organizations may choose to issue temporary credentials to these individuals based on their risk assessments. Temporary credentials may be for one-time use or for very limited time periods.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.07.06 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
