---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.07.05
---

# SP_800_171_03.07.05 - \[Maintenance\] Nonlocal Maintenance

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.07.05.a\] Approve and monitor nonlocal maintenance and diagnostic activities.

- \[SR-03.07.05.b\] Implement multi-factor authentication and replay resistance in the establishment of nonlocal maintenance and diagnostic sessions.

- \[SR-03.07.05.c\] Terminate session and network connections when nonlocal maintenance is completed.

## Control Assessment Objective

nonlocal maintenance and diagnostic activities are approved.
nonlocal maintenance and diagnostic activities are monitored.
session connections are terminated when nonlocal maintenance is completed.
network connections are terminated when nonlocal maintenance is completed.
multi-factor authentication is implemented in the establishment of nonlocal maintenance and diagnostic sessions.
replay resistance is implemented in the establishment of nonlocal maintenance and diagnostic sessions.

## Control guidance

Nonlocal maintenance and diagnostic activities are conducted by individuals who communicate through an external or internal network. Local maintenance and diagnostic activities are carried out by individuals who are physically present at the location of the system and not communicating across a network connection. Authentication techniques used to establish nonlocal maintenance and diagnostic sessions reflect the requirements in [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.05.01) 03.05.01.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.07.05 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
