---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.01.16
---

# SP_800_171_03.01.16 - \[Access Control\] Wireless Access

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.01.16.a\] Establish usage restrictions, configuration requirements, and connection requirements for each type of wireless access to the system.

- \[SR-03.01.16.b\] Authorize each type of wireless access to the system prior to establishing such connections.

- \[SR-03.01.16.c\] Disable, when not intended for use, wireless networking capabilities prior to issuance and deployment.

- \[SR-03.01.16.d\] Protect wireless access to the system using authentication and encryption.

## Control Assessment Objective

each type of wireless access to the system is defined.
usage restrictions are established for each type of wireless access to the system.
configuration requirements are established for each type of wireless access to the system.
connection requirements are established for each type of wireless access to the system.
each type of wireless access to the system is authorized prior to establishing such connections.
wireless networking capabilities not intended for use are disabled prior to issuance and deployment.
wireless access to the system is protected using authentication.
wireless access to the system is protected using encryption.

## Control guidance

Wireless networking capabilities represent a significant potential vulnerability that can be exploited by adversaries. Establishing usage restrictions, configuration requirements, and connection requirements for wireless access to the system provides criteria to support access authorization decisions. These restrictions and requirements reduce susceptibility to unauthorized system access through wireless technologies. Wireless networks use authentication protocols that provide credential protection and mutual authentication. Organizations authenticate individuals and devices to protect wireless access to the system. Special attention is given to the variety of devices with potential wireless access to the system, including small form factor mobile devices (e.g., smart phones, tablets, smart watches). Wireless networking capabilities that are embedded within system components represent a potential vulnerability that can be exploited by adversaries. Strong authentication of users and devices, strong encryption, and disabling wireless capabilities that are not needed for essential mission or business functions can reduce susceptibility to threats by adversaries involving wireless technologies.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.01.16 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
