---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.01.18
---

# SP_800_171_03.01.18 - \[Access Control\] Access Control for Mobile Devices

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.01.18.a\] Establish usage restrictions, configuration requirements, and connection requirements for mobile devices.

- \[SR-03.01.18.b\] Authorize the connection of mobile devices to the system.

- \[SR-03.01.18.c\] Implement full-device or container-based encryption to protect the confidentiality of CUI on mobile devices.

## Control Assessment Objective

usage restrictions are established for mobile devices.
configuration requirements are established for mobile devices.
connection requirements are established for mobile devices.
the connection of mobile devices to the system is authorized.
full-device or container-based encryption is implemented to protect the confidentiality of CUI on mobile devices.

## Control guidance

A mobile device is a computing device with a small form factor such that it can be carried by a single individual; is designed to operate without a physical connection; possesses local, non-removable, or removable data storage; and includes a self-contained power source. Mobile device functionality may include on-board sensors that allow the device to capture information, voice communication capabilities, and/or built-in features for synchronizing local data with remote locations. Examples include smart phones, smart watches, and tablets. Mobile devices are typically associated with a single individual. The processing, storage, and transmission capabilities of mobile devices may be comparable to or a subset of notebook or desktop systems, depending on the nature and intended purpose of the device. Some organizations may consider notebook computers to be mobile devices. The protection and control of mobile devices are behavior- or policy-based and require users to take physical action to protect and control such devices when outside of controlled areas. Controlled areas are spaces for which the organization provides physical or procedural controls to meet the requirements established for protecting CUI. Due to the large variety of mobile devices with different characteristics and capabilities, organizational restrictions may vary for the different classes or types of such devices. Usage restrictions, configuration requirements, and connection requirements for mobile devices include configuration management, device identification and authentication, implementing mandatory protective software, scanning devices for malicious code, updating virus protection software, scanning for critical software updates and patches, conducting operating system and possibly other software integrity checks, and disabling unnecessary hardware. On mobile devices, secure containers provide software-based data isolation designed to segment enterprise applications and information from personal apps and data. Containers may present multiple user interfaces, one of the most common being a mobile application that acts as a portal to a suite of business productivity apps, such as email, contacts, and calendar. Organizations can employ full-device encryption or container-based encryption to protect the confidentiality of CUI on mobile devices.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.01.18 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
