---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.01.20.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.01.20
---

# SP_800_171_03.01.20 - \[Access Control\] Use of External Systems

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.01.20.a\] Prohibit the use of external systems unless the systems are specifically authorized.

- \[SR-03.01.20.b\] Establish the following security requirements to be satisfied on external systems prior to allowing use of or access to those systems by authorized individuals: [security requirements].

- \[SR-03.01.20.c\] Permit authorized individuals to use external systems to access the organizational system or to process, store, or transmit CUI only after:

  - \[SR-03.01.20.c.01\] Verifying that the security requirements on the external systems as specified in the organization’s system security plans have been satisfied and
  - \[SR-03.01.20.c.02\] Retaining approved system connection or processing agreements with the organizational entities hosting the external systems.

- \[SR-03.01.20.d\] Restrict the use of organization-controlled portable storage devices by authorized individuals on external systems.

## Control Assessment Objective

the following security requirements to be satisfied on external systems prior to allowing the use of or access to those systems by authorized individuals are established: [security requirements].
the use of external systems is prohibited unless the systems are specifically authorized.
authorized individuals are permitted to use external systems to access the organizational system or to process, store, or transmit CUI only after verifying that the security requirements on the external systems as specified in the organization’s system security plans have been satisfied.
the use of organization-controlled portable storage devices by authorized individuals on external systems is restricted.
authorized individuals are permitted to use external systems to access the organizational system or to process, store, or transmit CUI only after retaining approved system connection or processing agreements with the organizational entity hosting the external systems.

## Control guidance

External systems are systems that are used by but are not part of the organization. These systems include personally owned systems, system components, or devices; privately owned computing and communication devices in commercial or public facilities; systems owned or controlled by nonfederal organizations; and systems managed by contractors. Organizations have the option to prohibit the use of any type of external system or specified types of external systems (e.g., prohibit the use of external systems that are not organizationally owned). Terms and conditions are consistent with the trust relationships established with the entities that own, operate, or maintain external systems and include descriptions of shared responsibilities. Authorized individuals include organizational personnel, contractors, or other individuals with authorized access to the organizational system and over whom organizations have the authority to impose specific rules of behavior regarding system access. Restrictions that organizations impose on authorized individuals may vary depending on the trust relationships between organizations. Organizations need assurance that external systems satisfy the necessary security requirements so as not to compromise, damage, or harm the system. This requirement is related to [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.16.03) 03.16.03.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.01.20 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
