---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.13.01
---

# SP_800_171_03.13.01 - \[System and Communications Protection\] Boundary Protection

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.13.01.a\] Monitor and control communications at external managed interfaces to the system and key internal managed interfaces within the system.

- \[SR-03.13.01.b\] Implement subnetworks for publicly accessible system components that are physically or logically separated from internal networks.

- \[SR-03.13.01.c\] Connect to external systems only through managed interfaces that consist of boundary protection devices arranged in accordance with an organizational security architecture.

## Control Assessment Objective

communications at external managed interfaces to the system are monitored.
communications at external managed interfaces to the system are controlled.
communications at key internal managed interfaces within the system are monitored.
communications at key internal managed interfaces within the system are controlled.
subnetworks are implemented for publicly accessible system components that are physically or logically separated from internal networks.
external system connections are only made through managed interfaces that consist of boundary protection devices arranged in accordance with an organizational security architecture.

## Control guidance

Managed interfaces include gateways, routers, firewalls, network-based malicious code analysis, virtualization systems, and encrypted tunnels implemented within a security architecture. Subnetworks that are either physically or logically separated from internal networks are referred to as demilitarized zones or DMZs. Restricting or prohibiting interfaces within organizational systems includes restricting external web traffic to designated web servers within managed interfaces, prohibiting external traffic that appears to be spoofing internal addresses, and prohibiting internal traffic that appears to be spoofing external addresses.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.13.01 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
