---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.13.13
---

# SP_800_171_03.13.13 - \[System and Communications Protection\] Mobile Code

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.13.13.a\] Define acceptable mobile code and mobile code technologies.

- \[SR-03.13.13.b\] Authorize, monitor, and control the use of mobile code.

## Control Assessment Objective

the use of mobile code is authorized.
the use of mobile code is monitored.
the use of mobile code is controlled.
acceptable mobile code is defined.
acceptable mobile code technologies are defined.

## Control guidance

Mobile code includes software programs or parts of programs that are obtained from remote systems, transmitted across a network, and executed on a local system without explicit installation or execution by the recipient. Decisions regarding the use of mobile code are based on the potential for the code to cause damage to the system if used maliciously. Mobile code technologies include Java applets, JavaScript, HTML5, VBScript, and WebGL. Usage restrictions and implementation guidelines apply to the selection and use of mobile code installed on servers and downloaded and executed on individual workstations and devices, including notebook computers, smart phones, and smart devices. Mobile code policies and procedures address the actions taken to prevent the development, acquisition, and use of unacceptable mobile code within the system, including requiring mobile code to be digitally signed by a trusted source.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.13.13 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
