---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.14.02.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.14.02
---

# SP_800_171_03.14.02 - \[System and Information Integrity\] Malicious Code Protection

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.14.02.a\] Implement malicious code protection mechanisms at system entry and exit points to detect and eradicate malicious code.

- \[SR-03.14.02.b\] Update malicious code protection mechanisms as new releases are available in accordance with configuration management policies and procedures.

- \[SR-03.14.02.c\] Configure malicious code protection mechanisms to:

  - \[SR-03.14.02.c.01\] Perform scans of the system [frequency] and real-time scans of files from external sources at endpoints or system entry and exit points as the files are downloaded, opened, or executed; and
  - \[SR-03.14.02.c.02\] Block malicious code, quarantine malicious code, or take other mitigation actions in response to malicious code detection.

## Control Assessment Objective

malicious code protection mechanisms are implemented at system entry and exit points to detect malicious code.
malicious code protection mechanisms are implemented at system entry and exit points to eradicate malicious code.
malicious code protection mechanisms are updated as new releases are available in accordance with configuration management policy and procedures.
malicious code protection mechanisms are configured to perform scans of the system [frequency].
malicious code protection mechanisms are configured to block malicious code, quarantine malicious code, or take other actions in response to malicious code detection.
malicious code protection mechanisms are configured to perform real-time scans of files from external sources at endpoints or system entry and exit points as the files are downloaded, opened, or executed.

## Control guidance

Malicious code insertions occur through the exploitation of system vulnerabilities. Malicious code can be inserted into the system in a variety of ways, including email, the internet, and portable storage devices. Malicious code includes viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and spyware. Malicious code can be encoded in various formats, contained in compressed or hidden files, or hidden in files using techniques such as steganography. Malicious code may be present in commercial off-the-shelf software and custom-built software and could include logic bombs, backdoors, and other types of attacks that could affect organizational mission and business functions. Periodic scans of the system and real-time scans of files from external sources as files are downloaded, opened, or executed can detect malicious code. Malicious code protection mechanisms can also monitor systems for anomalous or unexpected behaviors and take appropriate actions. Malicious code protection mechanisms include signature- and non-signature-based technologies. Non-signature-based detection mechanisms include artificial intelligence techniques that use heuristics to detect, analyze, and describe the characteristics or behavior of malicious code and to provide controls against such code for which signatures do not yet exist or for which existing signatures may not be effective. Malicious code for which active signatures do not yet exist or may be ineffective includes polymorphic malicious code (i.e., code that changes signatures when it replicates). Non-signature-based mechanisms include reputation-based technologies. Pervasive configuration management, anti-exploitation software, and software integrity controls may also be effective in preventing unauthorized code execution. If malicious code cannot be detected by detection methods or technologies, organizations can rely on secure coding practices, configuration management and control, trusted procurement processes, and monitoring practices to help ensure that the software only performs intended functions. Organizations may determine that different actions are warranted in response to the detection of malicious code. For example, organizations can define actions to be taken in response to the detection of malicious code during scans, malicious downloads, or malicious activity when attempting to open or execute files.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.14.02 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
