---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.14.06
---

# SP_800_171_03.14.06 - \[System and Information Integrity\] System Monitoring

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.14.06.a\] Monitor the system to detect:

  - \[SR-03.14.06.a.01\] Attacks and indicators of potential attacks and
  - \[SR-03.14.06.a.02\] Unauthorized connections.

- \[SR-03.14.06.b\] Identify unauthorized use of the system.

- \[SR-03.14.06.c\] Monitor inbound and outbound communications traffic to detect unusual or unauthorized activities or conditions.

## Control Assessment Objective

the system is monitored to detect attacks.
the system is monitored to detect indicators of potential attacks.
the system is monitored to detect unauthorized connections.
unauthorized use of the system is identified.
inbound communications traffic is monitored to detect unusual or unauthorized activities or conditions.
outbound communications traffic is monitored to detect unusual or unauthorized activities or conditions.

## Control guidance

System monitoring involves external and internal monitoring. Internal monitoring includes the observation of events that occur within the system. External monitoring includes the observation of events that occur at the system boundary. Organizations can monitor the system by observing audit record activities in real time or by observing other system aspects, such as access patterns, characteristics of access, and other actions. The monitoring objectives may guide determination of the events. A system monitoring capability is achieved through a variety of tools and techniques (e.g., audit record monitoring software, intrusion detection systems, intrusion prevention systems, malicious code protection software, scanning tools, network monitoring software). Strategic locations for monitoring devices include selected perimeter locations and near server farms that support critical applications with such devices being employed at managed system interfaces. The granularity of monitoring the information collected is based on organizational monitoring objectives and the capability of the system to support such objectives. Systems connections can be network, remote, or local. A network connection is any connection with a device that communicates through a network (e.g., local area network, the internet). A remote connection is any connection with a device that communicates through an external network (e.g., the internet). Network, remote, and local connections can be either wired or wireless. Unusual or unauthorized activities or conditions related to inbound and outbound communications traffic include internal traffic that indicates the presence of malicious code in the system or propagating among system components, the unauthorized export of information, or signaling to external systems. Evidence of malicious code is used to identify a potentially compromised system. System monitoring requirements, including the need for types of system monitoring, may be referenced in other requirements.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.14.06 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
