---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.14.03
---

# SP_800_171_03.14.03 - \[System and Information Integrity\] Security Alerts, Advisories, and Directives

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.14.03.a\] Receive system security alerts, advisories, and directives from external organizations on an ongoing basis.

- \[SR-03.14.03.b\] Generate and disseminate internal system security alerts, advisories, and directives, as necessary.

## Control Assessment Objective

system security alerts, advisories, and directives from external organizations are received on an ongoing basis.
internal security alerts, advisories, and directives are generated, as necessary.
internal security alerts, advisories, and directives are disseminated, as necessary.

## Control guidance

There are many publicly available sources of system security alerts and advisories. The Department of Homeland Security’s Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), the National Security Agency (NSA), and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) generate security alerts and advisories to maintain situational awareness across the Federal Government and in nonfederal organizations. Software vendors, subscription services, and industry Information Sharing and Analysis Centers (ISACs) may also provide security alerts and advisories. Compliance with security directives is essential due to the critical nature of many of these directives and the potential immediate adverse effects on organizational operations and assets, individuals, other organizations, and the Nation should the directives not be implemented in a timely manner.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.14.03 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
