---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.04.03
---

# SP_800_171_03.04.03 - \[Configuration Management\] Configuration Change Control

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.04.03.a\] Define the types of changes to the system that are configuration-controlled.

- \[SR-03.04.03.b\] Review proposed configuration-controlled changes to the system, and approve or disapprove such changes with explicit consideration for security impacts.

- \[SR-03.04.03.c\] Implement and document approved configuration-controlled changes to the system.

- \[SR-03.04.03.d\] Monitor and review activities associated with configuration-controlled changes to the system.

## Control Assessment Objective

the types of changes to the system that are configuration-controlled are defined.
proposed configuration-controlled changes to the system are reviewed with explicit consideration for security impacts.
proposed configuration-controlled changes to the system are approved or disapproved with explicit consideration for security impacts.
activities associated with configuration-controlled changes to the system are monitored.
activities associated with configuration-controlled changes to the system are reviewed.
approved configuration-controlled changes to the system are implemented.
approved configuration-controlled changes to the system are documented.

## Control guidance

Configuration change control refers to tracking, reviewing, approving or disapproving, and logging changes to the system. Specifically, it involves the systematic proposal, justification, implementation, testing, review, and disposition of changes to the system, including system upgrades and modifications. Configuration change control includes changes to baseline configurations for system components (e.g., operating systems, applications, firewalls, routers, mobile devices) and configuration items of the system, changes to configuration settings, unscheduled and unauthorized changes, and changes to remediate vulnerabilities. This requirement is related to [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.04.04) 03.04.04.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.04.03 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
