---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.04.02.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.04.02
---

# SP_800_171_03.04.02 - \[Configuration Management\] Configuration Settings

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.04.02.a\] Establish, document, and implement the following configuration settings for the system that reflect the most restrictive mode consistent with operational requirements: [configuration settings] .

- \[SR-03.04.02.b\] Identify, document, and approve any deviations from established configuration settings.

## Control Assessment Objective

the following configuration settings for the system that reflect the most restrictive mode consistent with operational requirements are established and documented: [configuration settings].
any deviations from established configuration settings are identified and documented.
any deviations from established configuration settings are approved.
the following configuration settings for the system are implemented: [configuration settings].

## Control guidance

Configuration settings are the set of parameters that can be changed in hardware, software, or firmware components of the system and that affect the security posture or functionality of the system. Security-related configuration settings can be defined for systems (e.g., servers, workstations), input and output devices (e.g., scanners, copiers, printers), network components (e.g., firewalls, routers, gateways, voice and data switches, wireless access points, network appliances, sensors), operating systems, middleware, and applications. Security parameters are those parameters that impact the security state of the system, including the parameters required to satisfy other security requirements. Security parameters include registry settings; account, file, and directory permission settings (i.e., privileges); and settings for functions, ports, protocols, and remote connections. Organizations establish organization-wide configuration settings and subsequently derive specific configuration settings for the system. The established settings become part of the system’s configuration baseline. Common secure configurations (also referred to as security configuration checklists, lockdown and hardening guides, security reference guides, and security technical implementation guides) provide recognized, standardized, and established benchmarks that stipulate secure configuration settings for specific information technology platforms/products and instructions for configuring those system components to meet operational requirements. Common secure configurations can be developed by a variety of organizations, including information technology product developers, manufacturers, vendors, consortia, academia, industry, federal agencies, and other organizations in the public and private sectors.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.04.02 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
