---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.04.04
---

# SP_800_171_03.04.04 - \[Configuration Management\] Impact Analyses

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.04.04.a\] Analyze changes to the system to determine potential security impacts prior to change implementation.

- \[SR-03.04.04.b\] Verify that the security requirements for the system continue to be satisfied after the system changes have been implemented.

## Control Assessment Objective

the security requirements for the system continue to be satisfied after the system changes have been implemented.
changes to the system are analyzed to determine potential security impacts prior to change implementation.

## Control guidance

Organizational personnel with security responsibilities conduct impact analyses that include reviewing system security plans, policies, and procedures to understand security requirements; reviewing system design documentation and operational procedures to understand how system changes might affect the security state of the system; reviewing the impacts of system changes on supply chain partners with stakeholders; and determining how potential changes to a system create new risks and the ability to mitigate those risks. Impact analyses also include risk assessments to understand the impacts of changes and determine whether additional security requirements are needed. Changes to the system may affect the safeguards and countermeasures previously implemented. This requirement is related to [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.04.03)03.04.03. Not all changes to the system are configuration controlled.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.04.04 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
