---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.04.06.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.04.06.ODP.02:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.04.06.ODP.03:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.04.06.ODP.04:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.04.06.ODP.05:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.04.06.ODP.06:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.04.06
---

# SP_800_171_03.04.06 - \[Configuration Management\] Least Functionality

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.04.06.a\] Configure the system to provide only mission-essential capabilities.

- \[SR-03.04.06.b\] Prohibit or restrict use of the following functions, ports, protocols, connections, and services: [functions] .

- \[SR-03.04.06.c\] Review the system [frequency] to identify unnecessary or nonsecure functions, ports, protocols, connections, and services.

- \[SR-03.04.06.d\] Disable or remove functions, ports, protocols, connections, and services that are unnecessary or nonsecure.

## Control Assessment Objective

the use of the following functions is prohibited or restricted: [functions].
the use of the following ports is prohibited or restricted: [ports].
the use of the following protocols is prohibited or restricted: [protocols].
the use of the following connections is prohibited or restricted: [connections].
the use of the following services is prohibited or restricted: [services].
the system is reviewed [frequency] to identify unnecessary or nonsecure functions, ports, protocols, connections, and services.
unnecessary or nonsecure functions, ports, protocols, connections, and services are disabled or removed.
the system is configured to provide only mission-essential capabilities.

## Control guidance

Systems can provide a variety of functions and services. Some functions and services that are routinely provided by default may not be necessary to support essential organizational missions, functions, or operations. It may be convenient to provide multiple services from single system components. However, doing so increases risk over limiting the services provided by any one component. Where feasible, organizations limit functionality to a single function per component. Organizations review the functions and services provided by the system or system components to determine which functions and services are candidates for elimination. Organizations disable unused or unnecessary physical and logical ports and protocols to prevent the unauthorized connection of devices, the transfer of information, and tunneling. Organizations can employ network scanning tools, intrusion detection and prevention systems, and endpoint protection systems (e.g., firewalls and host-based intrusion detection systems) to identify and prevent the use of prohibited functions, ports, protocols, system connections, and services. Bluetooth, File Transfer Protocol (FTP), and peer-to-peer networking are examples of the types of protocols that organizations consider eliminating, restricting, or disabling.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.04.06 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
