---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.04.08.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.04.08
---

# SP_800_171_03.04.08 - \[Configuration Management\] Authorized Software – Allow by Exception

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.04.08.a\] Identify software programs authorized to execute on the system.

- \[SR-03.04.08.b\] Implement a deny-all, allow-by-exception policy for the execution of authorized software programs on the system.

- \[SR-03.04.08.c\] Review and update the list of authorized software programs [frequency].

## Control Assessment Objective

software programs authorized to execute on the system are identified.
a deny-all, allow-by-exception policy for the execution of authorized software programs on the system is implemented.
the list of authorized software programs is reviewed and updated [frequency].

## Control guidance

If provided with the necessary privileges, users can install software in organizational systems. To maintain control over the software installed, organizations identify permitted and prohibited actions regarding software installation. Permitted software installations include updates and security patches to existing software and downloading new applications from organization-approved “app stores.” The policies selected for governing user-installed software are organization-developed or provided by some external entity. Policy enforcement methods can include procedural methods and automated methods. Authorized software programs can be limited to specific versions or come from specific sources. To facilitate a comprehensive authorized software process and increase the strength of protection against attacks that bypass application-level authorized software, software programs may be decomposed into and monitored at different levels of detail. These levels include applications, application programming interfaces, application modules, scripts, system processes, system services, kernel functions, registries, drivers, and dynamic link libraries.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.04.08 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
