---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.04.05
---

# SP_800_171_03.04.05 - \[Configuration Management\] Access Restrictions for Change

## Control Statement

## Control Assessment Objective

physical access restrictions associated with changes to the system are defined and documented.
physical access restrictions associated with changes to the system are approved.
physical access restrictions associated with changes to the system are enforced.
logical access restrictions associated with changes to the system are defined and documented.
logical access restrictions associated with changes to the system are approved.
logical access restrictions associated with changes to the system are enforced.

## Control guidance

Changes to the hardware, software, or firmware components of the system or the operational procedures related to the system can have potentially significant effects on the security of the system. Therefore, organizations permit only qualified and authorized individuals to access the system for the purpose of initiating changes. Access restrictions include physical and logical access controls, software libraries, workflow automation, media libraries, abstract layers (i.e., changes implemented into external interfaces rather than directly into the system), and change windows (i.e., changes occur only during specified times).

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.04.05 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
