---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.05.07.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.05.07.ODP.02:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.05.07
---

# SP_800_171_03.05.07 - \[Identification and Authentication\] Password Management

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.05.07.a\] Maintain a list of commonly-used, expected, or compromised passwords, and update the list [frequency] and when organizational passwords are suspected to have been compromised.

- \[SR-03.05.07.b\] Verify that passwords are not found on the list of commonly used, expected, or compromised passwords when users create or update passwords.

- \[SR-03.05.07.c\] Transmit passwords only over cryptographically protected channels.

- \[SR-03.05.07.d\] Store passwords in a cryptographically protected form.

- \[SR-03.05.07.e\] Select a new password upon first use after account recovery.

- \[SR-03.05.07.f\] Enforce the following composition and complexity rules for passwords: [rules].

## Control Assessment Objective

a list of commonly used, expected, or compromised passwords is maintained.
a list of commonly used, expected, or compromised passwords is updated [frequency].
a list of commonly used, expected, or compromised passwords is updated when organizational passwords are suspected to have been compromised.
passwords are verified not to be found on the list of commonly used, expected, or compromised passwords when they are created or updated by users.
passwords are only transmitted over cryptographically protected channels.
passwords are stored in a cryptographically protected form.
a new password is selected upon first use after account recovery.
the following composition and complexity rules for passwords are enforced: [rules].

## Control guidance

Password-based authentication applies to passwords used in single-factor or multi-factor authentication. Long passwords or passphrases are preferable to shorter passwords. Enforced composition rules provide marginal security benefits while decreasing usability. However, organizations may choose to establish and enforce certain rules for password generation (e.g., minimum character length) under certain circumstances. For example, account recovery can occur when a password is forgotten. Cryptographically protected passwords include salted one-way cryptographic hashes of passwords. The list of commonly used, compromised, or expected passwords includes passwords obtained from previous breach corpuses, dictionary words, and repetitive or sequential characters. The list includes context-specific words, such as the name of the service, username, and derivatives thereof. Changing temporary passwords to permanent passwords immediately after system logon ensures that the necessary strength of the authentication mechanism is implemented at the earliest opportunity and reduces susceptibility to authenticator compromises. Long passwords and passphrases can be used to increase the complexity of passwords.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.05.07 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
