---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.05.12.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.05.12.ODP.02:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.05.12
---

# SP_800_171_03.05.12 - \[Identification and Authentication\] Authenticator Management

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.05.12.a\] Verify the identity of the individual, group, role, service, or device receiving the authenticator as part of the initial authenticator distribution.

- \[SR-03.05.12.b\] Establish initial authenticator content for any authenticators issued by the organization.

- \[SR-03.05.12.c\] Establish and implement administrative procedures for initial authenticator distribution; for lost, compromised, or damaged authenticators; and for revoking authenticators.

- \[SR-03.05.12.d\] Change default authenticators at first use.

- \[SR-03.05.12.e\] Change or refresh authenticators [frequency] or when the following events occur: [events].

- \[SR-03.05.12.f\] Protect authenticator content from unauthorized disclosure and modification.

## Control Assessment Objective

the identity of the individual, group, role, service, or device receiving the authenticator as part of the initial authenticator distribution is verified.
initial authenticator content for any authenticators issued by the organization is established.
administrative procedures for initial authenticator distribution are established.
administrative procedures for lost, compromised, or damaged authenticators are established.
administrative procedures for revoking authenticators are established.
administrative procedures for initial authenticator distribution are implemented.
administrative procedures for lost, compromised, or damaged authenticators are implemented.
administrative procedures for revoking authenticators are implemented.
default authenticators are changed at first use.
authenticators are changed or refreshed [frequency] or when the following events occur: [events].
authenticator content is protected from unauthorized disclosure.
authenticator content is protected from unauthorized modification.

## Control guidance

Authenticators include passwords, cryptographic devices, biometrics, certificates, one-time password devices, and ID badges. The initial authenticator content is the actual content of the authenticator (e.g., the initial password). In contrast, requirements for authenticator content contain specific characteristics. Authenticator management is supported by organization-defined settings and restrictions for various authenticator characteristics (e.g., password complexity and composition rules, validation time window for time synchronous one-time tokens, and the number of allowed rejections during the verification stage of biometric authentication). The requirement to protect individual authenticators may be implemented by [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.15.03)03.15.03 for authenticators in the possession of individuals and by [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.01.01) 03.01.01, [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.01.02) 03.01.02, [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.01.05)03.01.05, and [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.13.08)03.13.08 for authenticators stored in organizational systems. This includes passwords stored in hashed or encrypted formats or files that contain hashed or encrypted passwords that are accessible with administrator privileges. Actions can be taken to protect authenticators, including maintaining possession of authenticators, not sharing authenticators with others, and immediately reporting lost, stolen, or compromised authenticators. Developers may deliver system components with factory default authentication credentials to allow for initial installation and configuration. Default authentication credentials are often well-known, easily discoverable, and present a significant risk. Authenticator management includes issuing and revoking authenticators for temporary access when they are no longer needed. The use of long passwords or passphrases may obviate the need to periodically change authenticators.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.05.12 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
