---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.10.07
---

# SP_800_171_03.10.07 - \[Physical Protection\] Physical Access Control

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.10.07.a\] Enforce physical access authorizations at entry and exit points to the facility where the system resides by:

  - \[SR-03.10.07.a.01\] Verifying individual physical access authorizations before granting access to the facility and
  - \[SR-03.10.07.a.02\] Controlling ingress and egress with physical access control systems, devices, or guards.

- \[SR-03.10.07.b\] Maintain physical access audit logs for entry or exit points.

- \[SR-03.10.07.c\] Escort visitors, and control visitor activity.

- \[SR-03.10.07.d\] Secure keys, combinations, and other physical access devices.

- \[SR-03.10.07.e\] Control physical access to output devices to prevent unauthorized individuals from obtaining access to CUI.

## Control Assessment Objective

physical access authorizations are enforced at entry and exit points to the facility where the system resides by verifying individual physical access authorizations before granting access.
physical access authorizations are enforced at entry and exit points to the facility where the system resides by controlling ingress and egress with physical access control systems, devices, or guards.
physical access audit logs for entry or exit points are maintained.
visitors are escorted.
visitor activity is controlled.
physical access to output devices is controlled to prevent unauthorized individuals from obtaining access to CUI.
keys, combinations, and other physical access devices are secured.

## Control guidance

This requirement addresses physical locations containing systems or system components that process, store, or transmit CUI. Organizations determine the types of guards needed, including professional security staff or administrative staff. Physical access devices include keys, locks, combinations, biometric readers, and card readers. Physical access control systems comply with applicable laws, Executive Orders, directives, policies, regulations, standards, and guidelines. Organizations have flexibility in the types of audit logs employed. Audit logs can be procedural, automated, or some combination thereof. Physical access points can include exterior access points, interior access points to systems that require supplemental access controls, or both. Physical access control applies to employees and visitors. Individuals with permanent physical access authorizations are not considered visitors. Controlling physical access to output devices includes placing output devices in locked rooms or other secured areas with keypad or card reader access controls and only allowing access to authorized individuals, placing output devices in locations that can be monitored by personnel, installing monitor or screen filters, and using headphones. Examples of output devices include monitors, printers, scanners, facsimile machines, audio devices, and copiers.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.10.07 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
