---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.03.05.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.03.05
---

# SP_800_171_03.03.05 - \[Audit and Accountability\] Audit Record Review, Analysis, and Reporting

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.03.05.a\] Review and analyze system audit records [frequency] for indications and the potential impact of inappropriate or unusual activity.

- \[SR-03.03.05.b\] Report findings to organizational personnel or roles.

- \[SR-03.03.05.c\] Analyze and correlate audit records across different repositories to gain organization-wide situational awareness.

## Control Assessment Objective

system audit records are reviewed and analyzed [frequency] for indications and the potential impact of inappropriate or unusual activity.
findings are reported to organizational personnel or roles.
audit records across different repositories are analyzed to gain organization-wide situational awareness.
audit records across different repositories are correlated to gain organization-wide situational awareness.

## Control guidance

Audit record review, analysis, and reporting cover information security logging performed by organizations and can include logging that results from the monitoring of account usage, remote access, wireless connectivity, configuration settings, the use of maintenance tools and nonlocal maintenance, system component inventory, mobile device connection, equipment delivery and removal, physical access, temperature and humidity, communications at system interfaces, and the use of mobile code. Findings can be reported to organizational entities, such as the incident response team, help desk, and security or privacy offices. If organizations are prohibited from reviewing and analyzing audit records or unable to conduct such activities, the review or analysis may be carried out by other organizations granted such authority. The scope, frequency, and/or depth of the audit record review, analysis, and reporting may be adjusted to meet organizational needs based on new information received. Correlating audit record review, analysis, and reporting processes helps to ensure that audit records collectively create a more complete view of events.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.03.05 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
