---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.03.08
---

# SP_800_171_03.03.08 - \[Audit and Accountability\] Protection of Audit Information

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.03.08.a\] Protect audit information and audit logging tools from unauthorized access, modification, and deletion.

- \[SR-03.03.08.b\] Authorize access to management of audit logging functionality to only a subset of privileged users or roles.

## Control Assessment Objective

access to management of audit logging functionality is authorized to only a subset of privileged users or roles.
audit information is protected from unauthorized access, modification, and deletion.
audit logging tools are protected from unauthorized access, modification, and deletion.

## Control guidance

Audit information includes the information needed to successfully audit system activity, such as audit records, audit log settings, audit reports, and personally identifiable information. Audit logging tools are programs and devices used to conduct audit and logging activities. The protection of audit information focuses on technical protection and limits the ability to access and execute audit logging tools to authorized individuals. The physical protection of audit information is addressed by media and physical protection requirements. Individuals or roles with privileged access to a system and who are also the subject of an audit by that system may affect the reliability of the audit information by inhibiting audit activities or modifying audit records. Requiring privileged access to be further defined between audit-related privileges and other privileges limits the number of users or roles with audit-related privileges.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.03.08 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
