---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.03.06
---

# SP_800_171_03.03.06 - \[Audit and Accountability\] Audit Record Reduction and Report Generation

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.03.06.a\] Implement an audit record reduction and report generation capability that supports audit record review, analysis, reporting requirements, and after-the-fact investigations of incidents.

- \[SR-03.03.06.b\] Preserve the original content and time ordering of audit records.

## Control Assessment Objective

an audit record reduction and report generation capability that supports audit record review is implemented.
an audit record reduction and report generation capability that supports audit record analysis is implemented.
an audit record reduction and report generation capability that supports audit record reporting requirements is implemented.
an audit record reduction and report generation capability that supports after-the-fact investigations of incidents is implemented.
the original content of audit records is preserved.
the original time ordering of audit records is preserved.

## Control guidance

Audit records are generated in [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.03.03)03.03.03. Audit record reduction and report generation occur after audit record generation. Audit record reduction is a process that manipulates collected audit information and organizes it in a summary format that is more meaningful to analysts. Audit record reduction and report generation capabilities do not always come from the same system or organizational entities that conduct auditing activities. An audit record reduction capability can include, for example, modern data mining techniques with advanced data filters to identify anomalous behavior in audit records. The report generation capability provided by the system can help generate customizable reports. The time ordering of audit records can be a significant issue if the granularity of the time stamp in the record is insufficient.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.03.06 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
