---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-set-params:
  # You may set values for parameters in the assembled SSP by adding
  #
  # ssp-values:
  #   - value 1
  #   - value 2
  #
  # below a section of values:
  # The values list refers to the values in the resolved profile catalog, and the ssp-values represent new values
  # to be placed in SetParameters of the SSP.
  #
  A.03.03.01.ODP.01:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
  A.03.03.01.ODP.02:
    profile-values:
      - <REPLACE_ME>
    profile-param-value-origin: <REPLACE_ME>
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.03.01
---

# SP_800_171_03.03.01 - \[Audit and Accountability\] Event Logging

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.03.01.a\] Specify the following event types selected for logging within the system: [event types].

- \[SR-03.03.01.b\] Review and update the event types selected for logging [frequency].

## Control Assessment Objective

the following event types are specified for logging within the system: [event types].
the event types selected for logging are reviewed [frequency].
the event types selected for logging are updated [frequency].

## Control guidance

An event is any observable occurrence in a system, including unlawful or unauthorized system activity. Organizations identify event types for which a logging functionality is needed. This includes events that are relevant to the security of systems and the environments in which those systems operate to meet specific and ongoing auditing needs. Event types can include password changes, the execution of privileged functions, failed logons or accesses related to systems, administrative privilege usage, or third-party credential usage. In determining event types that require logging, organizations consider the system monitoring and auditing that are appropriate for each of the security requirements. When defining event types, organizations consider the logging necessary to cover related events, such as the steps in distributed, transaction-based processes (e.g., processes that are distributed across multiple organizations) and actions that occur in service-oriented or cloud-based architectures. Monitoring and auditing requirements can be balanced with other system needs. For example, organizations may determine that systems must have the capability to log every file access — both successful and unsuccessful — but only activate that capability under specific circumstances due to the potential burden on system performance. The event types that are logged by organizations may change over time. Reviewing and updating the set of logged event types are necessary to ensure that the current set of event types remains relevant.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.03.01 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
