---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.03.02
---

# SP_800_171_03.03.02 - \[Audit and Accountability\] Audit Record Content

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.03.02.a\] Include the following content in audit records:

  - \[SR-03.03.02.a.01\] What type of event occurred
  - \[SR-03.03.02.a.02\] When the event occurred
  - \[SR-03.03.02.a.03\] Where the event occurred
  - \[SR-03.03.02.a.04\] Source of the event
  - \[SR-03.03.02.a.05\] Outcome of the event
  - \[SR-03.03.02.a.06\] Identity of the individuals, subjects, objects, or entities associated with the event

- \[SR-03.03.02.b\] Provide additional information for audit records as needed.

## Control Assessment Objective

audit records contain information that establishes what type of event occurred.
audit records contain information that establishes when the event occurred.
audit records contain information that establishes where the event occurred.
audit records contain information that establishes the source of the event.
audit records contain information that establishes the outcome of the event.
audit records contain information that establishes the identity of the individuals, subjects, objects, or entities associated with the event.
additional information for audit records is provided, as needed.

## Control guidance

Audit record content that may be necessary to support the auditing function includes time stamps, source and destination addresses, user or process identifiers, event descriptions, file names, and the access control or flow control rules that are invoked. Event outcomes can include indicators of event success or failure and event-specific results (e.g., the security state of the system after the event occurred). Detailed information that organizations consider in audit records may include a full text recording of privileged commands or the individual identities of group account users.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.03.02 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
