---
x-trestle-add-props: []
  # Add or modify control properties here
  # Properties may be at the control or part level
  # Add control level properties like this:
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #
  # Add properties to a statement part like this, where "b." is the label of the target statement part
  #   - name: ac1_new_prop
  #     value: new property value
  #     smt-part: b.
  #
x-trestle-global:
  profile:
    title: ASAF CMMC Level 2 Profile — AdinKhepra Protocol (SecRed Knowledge 
      Inc.)
    href: trestle://profiles/ASAF-CMMC-L2/profile.json
  sort-id: 03.08.05
---

# SP_800_171_03.08.05 - \[Media Protection\] Media Transport

## Control Statement

- \[SR-03.08.05.a\] Protect and control system media that contain CUI during transport outside of controlled areas.

- \[SR-03.08.05.b\] Maintain accountability of system media that contain CUI during transport outside of controlled areas.

- \[SR-03.08.05.c\] Document activities associated with the transport of system media that contain CUI.

## Control Assessment Objective

system media that contain CUI are protected during transport outside of controlled areas.
system media that contain CUI are controlled during transport outside of controlled areas.
activities associated with the transport of system media that contain CUI are documented.
accountability for system media that contain CUI is maintained during transport outside of controlled areas.

## Control guidance

System media include digital and non-digital media. Digital media include flash drives, diskettes, magnetic tapes, external or removable solid state or magnetic drives, compact discs, and digital versatile discs. Non-digital media include microfilm and paper. Controlled areas are spaces for which organizations provide physical or procedural measures to meet the requirements established for protecting CUI and systems. Media protection during transport can include cryptography and/or locked containers. Activities associated with media transport include releasing media for transport, ensuring that media enter the appropriate transport processes, and the actual transport. Authorized transport and courier personnel may include individuals external to the organization. Maintaining accountability of media during transport includes restricting transport activities to authorized personnel and tracking or obtaining the records of transport activities as the media move through the transportation system to prevent and detect loss, destruction, or tampering. This requirement is related to [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.13.08)03.13.08 and [](#/cprt/framework/version/SP_800_171_3_0_0/home?element=03.13.11) 03.13.11.

______________________________________________________________________

## What is the solution and how is it implemented?

<!-- For implementation status enter one of: implemented, partial, planned, alternative, not-applicable -->

<!-- Note that the list of rules under ### Rules: is read-only and changes will not be captured after assembly to JSON -->

### This System

<!-- Add implementation prose for the main This System component for control: SP_800_171_03.08.05 -->

#### Implementation Status: planned

______________________________________________________________________
